Técnica de pronunciación de este módulo 5
Ya sabes qué vas a hacer Simplemente vas
a grabar estas frases cinco veces ¿Ok?
Vas a repetir estas frases por cinco
veces en un video O en un audio, como lo
prefieras Primera frase We're gonna start
with breaking news We're gonna start with
breaking news Second
Our reporter Diana went to that tragic
place And she's there now Our reporter
Diana went to that tragic place And she's
there now
Third
There is a connection between the two
deaths There is a connection between the
two deaths Authorities have confirmed
that one of the bodies Is indeed the
driver of the car
Authorities have confirmed that one of
the bodies Is indeed the driver of the
car And fifth They think it's most likely
that the unidentified body Belongs to one
of those criminals They think it's most
likely that the unidentified body Belongs
to one of those criminals Espero ver tu
actividad en la plataforma Detestas una
romance I I I I I Thank you.